1. What is Semantic HTML? 
introduces meaning to information on a webpage
2. What is HTML used for? 
is used to structure a web page and its content
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
is used for tags to give values meaning
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
to label the header, and only once
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
href and src
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
metadata
7. What is an id? 
an identifier that makes a specific thing unique to the other pieces
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
you can add an ID to a div tag, or a paragraph tag
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
as many as you want, but the ID can only pertain to one specific thing. 
10. What is a class? 
is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
you can add it to a div to give it multiple meanings
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
as many as the html will allow
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
by using an anchor element with the link attatched to the href
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
text adds a text description to an image on a Web page
15. How do I reference an id?
by putting a # in front of the id
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
a section shows that there is information inside of it, while the div does not necissarily imply that there is
17. What is CSS used for? 
to format the html into a better looking layout
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
it would just be h2, or p, or section
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one 
an ID classifies one thing, and a class classifies a group of things. ID would be for a single picture, while class would be for more than one picture. 
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
putting a "." before whatever the class is called
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. 
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
give the class a name and then put a "." before using it
24. What is a pseudo selector?
selects elements that are in a specific state
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
The space between lines of text is called the leading
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
The letter-spacing or the word-spacing properties
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
The text-transform CSS property
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
type border-style:dotted
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
the user-select property
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
This is a single-line comment
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm, and because you cannot reverse it once it is done.
34. Why should I use version control? 
it is important to keep current on everything going on, whether it is by yourself or a group project.
35. How often should I commit to github?
every 20 minutes or so
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin branch-name
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
fork the file 
write your name on it 
open the file you want to upload the document in
clone the file
choose the file name
add what needs to be added to the file
comment what changes were made
push the file back to the github to see the changes online
open and create a pull request

Stretch Questions

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?